What are you doing here?
Are you here to ruin Sisi's wedding?
You've seen people ruin weddings
But husband and children
It's really something that can't be put on the table
Come to a wedding and take such a shitty thing
I'm not afraid of others laughing out loud
Comrade Zhang is too lenient
It seems that the stop time is still not good enough.
You miss
Why is such a vicious young age?
At a loss, I want to tell Delicious to let you in.
Dream on now.
See how you get in
Boss Wang, Director Li, Chief Zhang
Are you coming to my niece's wedding?
We're just on our way
Why don't we go together?
Someone is sitting in the back seat. It's inconvenient for you to come up.
Then I'll walk over by myself
We'll have to have a good drink when the dinner starts.
Xiao Zhou Xiao Zhou wife
I'll take you there.
I'm so sorry.
Just hop in.
You're welcome.
Old Li can drive me down
Same position as you
Then we're welcome.
This stinky pig
How can I be qualified to ride in Director Li's car?